Support code-split and preloaded assets (#12157)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: packages/compiled-assets/README.md

You can locate shared code in directories inside this directory. As long as those files aren't in the root of the `scripts/` directory, they won't become separate bundles.

```text
assets
└── scripts
    ├── bar.ts
    ├── foo.ts
    └── lib
        ├── more-shared-code.ts
        └── shared-code.ts
```

> All of these assets will be processed as a CJS file for compatibility reasons. You can place additional assets in in the `assets/scripts/esm-bundles/` directory, which will be processed as ESM files with code splitting. This is useful for libraries that can be loaded asynchronously, like Preact components.

Reviewer: Points of clarification:

- The files themselves can still use ESM syntax.
- The actual output format is an [IIFE](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/IIFE), as CommonJS doesn't run natively in the browser.

Author: Changed in d1b50953c815db929092da183ff68b34e7dfd6b5. Let me know if the updated copy looks good.

```text
assets
└── scripts

>     ├── esm-bundles
>     │   └── baz.tsx

Reviewer: Nits for consistency with the other file tree:

```suggestion
    └── esm-bundles
        └── baz.tsx
```

You can locate shared code in directories inside this directory. As long as those files aren't in the root of the `scripts/` directory, they won't become separate bundles.

```text
assets
└── scripts
    ├── bar.ts
    ├── foo.ts
    └── lib
        ├── more-shared-code.ts
        └── shared-code.ts
```

All of these assets will be processed with CJS for compatibility reasons. You can place additional assets in in the `assets/scripts/esm-bundles/` directory, which will be processed as ESM files with code splitting. This is useful for libraries that can be loaded asynchronously, like Preact components.

```text
assets
└── scripts
    ├── esm-bundles
    │   └── baz.tsx
```

> The import tree of all files will be analyzed, and any dependencies will be marked as preloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The import tree of all files will be analyzed, and any code-split chunks or dynamically-imported files will be marked as preloads.
```

app.use('/build/', assets.handler());
```

> To include a bundle on your page, you can use the `compiledScriptTag` or `compiledScriptPath` functions. The name of the bundle passed to this function is the filename of your bundle within the `scripts` directory. You can use `compiledScriptPreloadTags` to get a list of tags that should be preloaded in the `<head>` of your HTML document, or `compiledScriptPreloadPaths` to get the paths.

Reviewer: What's the utility of `compiledScriptPreloadPaths`? That is, when would that return anything? I thought preloads were mostly useful when chunking (or more generally, ESM imports on the client) were involved.

Author: Ah -- I forgot that by default it would create a large bundle for a compiled script that includes imports.

Author: Changed in 088f05771de6887836a96364aeaee9a82fee5021.
